00:01 . Speaker: 1:
Thank you Amaury, for wearing my clock yesterday. How did you feel about it?

00:06 . Speaker: 2:
Um, it was nice, um, interesting because I try not to have the reflex to check my other, watch the conventional one to look at the hour and the time it is. And instead I was looking, uh, at your watch and basically it happened at moment where I was not especially wondering what time it was, but more like, uh, when I was realizing that time was maybe, uh, slow at the moment or, and, uh, I wanted to know, okay, uh, where I'm at, where I am now.

00:46 . Speaker: 2:
And um, yeah, uh, I felt at moments where I was waiting or when I was, um, wondering, uh, when is the day ending because I, I was tired at some point lacking sleeve and all. And yeah, it was a reminder that was telling me like, okay, uh, almost there. And, uh, and then soon you can go home. And, uh, yeah.

01:13 . Speaker: 1:
What did it feel like not knowing the exact time?

01:17 . Speaker: 2:
Uh, disturbing at first, uh, because I could have a clue based on my, uh, physiology when I started to feel hungry or starting to feel tired instead of having the precise time. And also by doing activities like, uh, I was, uh, working in this workshop where, uh, after, uh, printing, uh, four or five visuals, I was, uh, checking the clock, uh, that you gave me to see how much had passed since the last time I looked. And, um, but then since you don't have a precise, uh, amount of time displayed, you feel like it's slower than, uh, when it's written, you have less of a sense because it's only a bar that, uh, fills up at the end of the day.

02:09 . Speaker: 2:
And so, yeah, it feels slower than looking at the watch.

02:14 . Speaker: 1:
Did you look at other watches? I'm guessing you looked at other watches when you needed to know the time?

02:18 . Speaker: 2:
Yeah, it's likely that I checked on my laptop where I was, uh, doing vectors on, uh, on Illustrator and, and also maybe some other times when I was chatting on my phone with, uh, with my girlfriend or, uh, other friends. So yeah, perhaps unconsciously I checked the time at those moments as well.

02:37 . Speaker: 1:
Did it feel correct at the percentage value?

02:40 . Speaker: 2:
Mm, yeah. When you first gave it to me in the morning and I wasn't properly woken up, I was like, uh, hey, but what's wrong? It's already like a third filled in and then you tell me. Uh, but, uh, yeah, it's filled in because it's already 8:00 AM so it's already a third of the day, uh, gone. And I was like, okay, well that's now how I define my day. I don't, I don't usually perceive the, the time taken to sleep and to, to get some rest, but it's also, of course, an important part to consider.

03:12 . Speaker: 1:
So you would've started it from your day?

03:15 . Speaker: 2:
Yeah, I would, I would've started at the time I woke, I wake up, I think mm-hmm. <affirmative> instead of, uh, because before, yeah, I feel like the rest moment comes after the day of activities instead, then starting by the rest to then start the day.

03:33 . Speaker: 1:
Why?

03:35 . Speaker: 2:
Because in the end, I, I see it first as doing things that then consume you energy and that then you need to recover by getting rest. But it's just a way of seeing things that, I guess it's also plausible to first accumulate energy and then spending it, it's just a different way of viewing time.

03:58 . Speaker: 1:
Hmm. <affirmative> anything else you would like to add?

04:04 . Speaker: 2:
Um, I think that's it.

04:10 . Speaker: 1:
Did it seem, how did you feel that it wasn't, uh, um, the in hours or anything, uh, did that have any influence?

04:22 . Speaker: 2:
What do you mean?

04:24 . Speaker: 1:
Cause normally a day is cut up into hours and hours are cut up into minutes. Yeah. The fact that it was just like this one long bar mm-hmm. <affirmative> and no numbers on it. Did that make you feel apart from it being more imprecise and you're not knowing? Uh,

04:38 . Speaker: 2:
Yeah. And I mean, in any case, time is, uh, pursuing its its course. So I was like, uh, more trying to, to cut it into pieces of activities rather than having precise time on which to base my, my things to do. And so, yeah, even when I was doing the same activity, there was maybe a time where time was going fast because I was focused and I was, uh, into it.

05:08 . Speaker: 2:
And then an other moment where, um, being, being tired was, uh, distracting me from doing the activity. Uh, it felt slower and I was checking at the time again. And in the end, perhaps it was the same time, just perceived differently. Um, yeah,

05:32 . Speaker: 1:
To me. Okay. Messy, easy.